Well, good evening family.
Thank you for joining us.
Again, I have an urgency to pray all the time.
I feel it's been my MO, I guess, my modus operandi.
It's been very intense lately.
And you know, I'm so thankful that every one of you would come on at this late hour of the night to pray with me.
There are 1,400 of you so quickly.
And I know I go on all over the world and probably not a lot of Americans are up at this time, but this is the time I pray a lot.
So, I just always come on with y'all and it feels like we get a lot accomplished very quickly, for many hands make light work.
Let's go over some of the things the Lord said in the last video and what we saw.
I won't go over the prophetic word.
Diana said it was five to ten pages—ten pages, five front and back—of everything the Lord said.
If you have not watched that video, go to the last part of the last video we did.
That word was very powerful from the Father.
It was one of those words that will forever change your life; it shook us.
This whole thing, like I said, is...
these times are so precious that we're living in right now, and we have a lot of work to do in the spirit realm.
First off, I want to say this: taking communion before you pray and keeping strife out of your house—keeping the flow.
You must walk in love in these last days.
I keep saying that over and over again because of the things the Lord keeps bringing up to me.
Don't give place to the devil at all in your house.
Keep strife out of your house.
I know it's easier said than done some days, but I'm trying to warn you by things that I got tonight that you must stay in a constant flow of the presence of God and love.
Make love a priority in your home.
Above everything else, keep love a priority.
So, let's go over what I saw yesterday.
I saw Mickey Mouse.
Everybody said, 'What's the mouse?
' Mickey Mouse.
I saw Orlando.
I saw the Lord showed us Tron, which is a ride in Magic Kingdom.
I saw security guards and that was what I thought was interesting; it was highlighted to me.
Did I see them doing anything?
No.
The Lord said to pray over Orlando.
So, you can automatically kind of put things together without Him coming on directly and exposing everything.
Maybe He'll show us more tonight, maybe not.
But He was showing security guards that had infiltrated the security system of Disney, these evildoers.
And the Lord said, 'Pray for Disney.
' I saw Asian women, tourists, walking around with Mickey Mouse ears.
They were walking around and I saw a little go-kart area, and I saw Tron, and I saw an area—I don't know why that area was highlighted to me—but the Lord showed me this area in Magic Kingdom and the Lord said, 'You need to pray for this.
' I could see it was faded out; it was blurred.
This is what this looked like.
It was blurred out before the vision and they were coming, but I didn't know what they were going to do.
There was darkness that was involved around this, and that's what the Lord said: 'Pray.
' So, I saw that, and then yesterday I came on and I told you I've had an urgency and I've been praying all day.
After it was over, when I came on here, the burden to pray was lifting.
But I thought, 'Well, I'll bring it to the public and we'll pray as a family together, and we'll make a lot of this really quickly.
' We'll just knock this thing out because I told you, Pais, we were all in deep intercession all afternoon.
I told Diana, 'I've never felt that intense prayer in a long time.
' It was so intense that you almost felt nauseous.
You knew it was something very dark.
Well, I got out of here that evening and I said last night, 'Father, what was that?
Why did it lift like that?
Can you explain to me what the intensity was?
' And then He said, 'The event happened.
' He said, 'Brandon, there's no reason, no need anymore to try to stop it if it is already manifested.
' He said, 'What you were praying over all day was the event that took place in California at the birthday party.
' What you were praying for and interceding for—and why Paisley was so involved—my little girl was interceding for the children.
She was in travail, and I would say, 'What is a little girl like this travailing over this?
What is this?
' But she said, 'Daddy, I feel I got to pray.
I got to pray.
' And she's just praying in tongues, travailing in the spirit, laying hands on her brother, praying over Braden, and praying over Mama.
She goes, 'I'm just praying.
' Like I said, it was the most intense, and she was praying as loud as she possibly could as a little girl.
Finally, I said, 'Are you done, hun?
' because I was going to go get us a drink.
And she goes, 'No, Daddy, it's not done yet.
We got to keep praying.
' And she kept praying and praying, and we were all backing her and praying with her.
But I thought, 'What is this on my little girl?
Holy Spirit, You're pulling her?
' I thought it was really interesting.
Whenever Paisley prays, she's a great intercessor.
We're training her, like all our kids, Braden and Paisley.
If and when Megan becomes a manifestation of her—I can't wait to see what God does with her because I know there's giftings there; she's my firstborn—but when Paisley was interceding like that, it felt like it lifted a little bit.
Then we came home and started praying some more, but as I brought it to you all, it lifted, but it was already done.
It was already done, and four children lost their lives.
It was interesting.
Every time I see a tragic event happen, I look at it as a prayer fail.
I told you Saturday, I saw 14 people.
The Lord kept telling me Saturday about 14—'You must intercede for Saturday for 14, there's an event.
' Well, quite frankly, with all the things that I get on a day-to-day basis, we take note of it, but I had forgotten about it.
I had forgotten about it because it was three days prior, and I've been praying over the President—very intense prayer concerning the White House and the trees and the lighting ceremonies—praying for our nation's capital because of what the Lord told me of a new D-Day.
And He's bringing up a new D-Day, a new Red Dawn experience.
And He said, 'Brandon, they couldn't get you like D-Day because of how far you are away from them, so they invaded you like a Trojan horse.
' For there are many, many men and women in your nation that have come over illegally, that have infiltrated your cities in every single state.
Every state.
He said it is an infestation of the brotherhood of terrorist activity.
And then He warned me.
He said, 'Do not stereotype.
You are looking for a certain individual and the way they look.
' He said, 'They're right in front of your face; they're not hidden.
' I don't want to misquote it; Braden had to look up the archive.
But the Lord was specifically saying just because they have dark skin and a beard doesn't mean that's the only way they're used.
These are even white people, black people, Mexican, Asian—that's all part of the brotherhood.
Just because they don't look Arab or Middle Eastern, don't stereotype just because you think that's only the way they're going to be used.
The Lord said they have infiltrated even your government.
He said, "They're in your police force.
They're in your top tier of the Pentagon.
" He even warned about our FBI, all of it.
He told us there are rats within; he keeps talking about the rats within.
So, I want to encourage you.
We're looking for anybody who is a bogeyman.
I want to say don't always think that it's going to be somebody with a turban on their head or a full dress or whatever that that's the enemy, because the people that were infiltrating into the country were not Arab-looking.
They were white.
And I thought it was interesting because this is what the Spirit of the Lord is telling us to pray for our nation again.
And people say, "Who are they?
" They keep asking me—even the police officers ask me when I talk to the big people—they always go, "Brandon, you always say they?
Who's they?
Who's they to you?
Why do you say they?
" "They" refers to all of it combined.
What does that mean to me?
The devil worshippers that I see, the occultic practices that are trying to bring forth the principalities through satanic things, through trafficking these children, through sexual practices—doing things with the kids through sacrificial encounters or whatever they are—anybody who is an evildoer.
So, when I lump it all together and say "they," it's my verbiage, but I'm trying to say the evildoers, people who are trying to kill, steal, and destroy.
And we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities and powers.
We don't wrestle against people.
That's what I'm trying to tell you.
We're wrestling against the demonic principalities that are messing with them, that are influencing them.
So, anybody who's trying to bring harm to anybody—I don't care if you're transgender, like what we've seen with Charlie Kirk and all that, to Muslim, or a devil worshipper—anybody who tries to hurt anybody.
Like I said, this is a time like never before that we need to have our eyes open.
We had Alex Jones come on in his car; Braden brought that up.
You can't play that, but he came on in his car—Braden showed me—and he was warning about General Flynn.
Again, warning about General Flynn.
And I'm telling you all, I have such a caution of a major storm.
You need to really be paying attention to your surroundings during this holiday season, going all the way through with the Pope and the Vatican, Christmas mass, and your Catholic churches.
You need to be paying attention.
Catholics, you need to be paying attention.
I've seen a great attack coming against the Catholic people in their churches, in Europe especially.
The Lord keeps bringing up Europe.
So, I want to show you this.
I think—and this may be AI or this may be a hoax, but it was sent to me and I think it's interesting.
There was another thing I thought was interesting: who remembers every time I've told you there was $24 billion that was allocated in an account through the Ukrainians?
I even told Alex Jones when I went on his show.
Does anybody remember that I went on Alex Jones's show back in January, I believe it was, and I warned everybody that there was $24 billion that was being smuggled from the Ukrainian money to certain accounts through certain senators that had the money?
And I know who they are.
I'm not going to ever say that publicly, but here he is Zelensky saying, "I can't see it, son; the lights are so bright.
I don't know where the money is.
" He doesn't know where the money is.
There is $177 billion, and he only knows where $77 billion of it went.
He doesn't know where a hundred billion dollars went.
Do you see that on that article?
He confesses that they've lost a hundred billion dollars of our tax money.
I said $24 billion of it went to a slush fund for corruption; I know for a fact the Lord showed it to me: $24 billion.
But he knows of 77 billion; he doesn't know where a hundred of it went.
Well, I can tell you where 24 billion of it went.
How do you lose a hundred billion dollars?
I tell you what, if it was the IRS and you lost a couple thousand, they're going to be on your hiney.
But I'm going to tell you, you lose a hundred billion dollars, that's a big deal.
That's a really big deal.
So, I think that's kind of interesting, don't you?
But I warned you about the 24 billion.
I want you to see cocaine coming out of his nose as he is speaking.
He talks and cocaine starts flying out of his nose.
He's been snorting coke before he does his video.
Can you show it, son?
Not that you want to see cocaine coming out of a man's nose, but my goodness, folks, I told you.
What did I tell you is about to happen?
I saw during the summit with Putin and Trump in Alaska, I saw a clock on the back wall.
I saw the room there and they came to an agreement.
Trump said, "You don't want to do this.
You have a prosperous nation.
You guys got to stop this.
" He was trying to encourage him by buttering him up because you automatically in a meeting like that come into it with expectations that "I'm not going to listen to you.
" But you have a guard up, and Trump is the art of the deal; he knows how to negotiate with people.
So you have a man that is brilliant.
There's the cocaine in his nose.
You see it?
It's foul.
He's doing drugs and leading his people.
But the Lord showed me specifically that he was in the meeting and I saw them negotiating taking that bozo out, and I saw a proxy government.
I warned you all about this—a proxy government coming in that's pro-Ukraine and pro-Russia in the days ahead.
First, they have to get rid of this guy.
And I saw him looking over his shoulder trying to find Emmanuel Macron to find some kind of camaraderie.
"Please help me.
" They don't want the war to end.
So they had suits behind them; there was a group of businessmen with suits, older men that were wanting to keep pushing this war to take place.
And I saw black swan events coming.
You say, "What's a black swan event?
" An event to provoke war that is trying to draw America in instead of letting them escape.
And because we have treaties with these nations, it keeps us in the midst of the mess.
They didn't want to de-escalate; they want war.
Why?
Because the Euro is in trouble.
The economy of Europe is in trouble.
And war creates money; it creates stimulus.
And then I saw the other part is Venezuela.
How many times have I told you through the times I've done these videos, I keep seeing Venezuela and Cuba.
And I said this has to do not just with drugs; this has to do with oil.
This has to do with them joining the BRICS.
And when this takes place, you will see it in the days ahead.
I told you back in 2024 this was going to take place, and right now I said they'll escalate this thing.
Well, the Holy Spirit told you before Trump even got into power, before Trump even became president.
He was just running and I told you what the Holy Spirit said.
I saw an escalation taking place in Venezuela and I said he will become the new Gaddafi or Saddam Hussein, and that man will be taken out.
But when this happened, I saw a haze of witchcraft across the nation in Venezuela.
And the Lord said, "I'm bringing a Holy Ghost and fire and a liberation over the people with a proxy government you will see in Venezuela in the days ahead with a major move of My presence that will spread throughout South America.
" And this was before all this drama even started.
If you follow my channel, it's pretty amazing what the Lord tells us, and then we see it in the news later.
I think it's pretty fun.
I give all glory to Jesus every time because if you know me, it isn't me; it's all Him.
He's just a friend.
He's my friend.
I go, 'Look what you did, Lord.
Again, thank you.
' Look, go to that, son; I want to show them that.
Now, this was interesting because of what I warned you about Candace Owens.
I don't know if this is fake, but it's worth listening to because it goes with what I told you was coming for this woman.
Before any of the drama took place, we've been praying for her, and now it's all in the news and on social media.
She's hiding; she won't even do broadcasts anymore.
Listen to this right here.
This guy is supposedly—like I said—does anybody know if this is fake?
Has anybody seen this?
What's happening?
What's being said by this secret operative, Black Ops for the French government, coming out and ratting this stuff out?
You can tell us in the comment section if you say, 'Brandon, that is a hoax,' but it was sent to us, and I thought that goes with what the Lord said.
They will make it look like an accident, so we have to pray for her.
He has much more for her to do, but she would go down the rabbit hole, and it would cost her her life.
Look at this.
Does anybody hear that?
It could be AI and it could be a hoax, but it goes alongside the stuff I've been praying about, and that's why it got my attention.
I thought that's interesting.
I'm not going to waste your time, but I saw that they tried to make it look like an accident, and it goes alongside what the Lord has warned me to pray for that young woman because He said, 'I have much more for her to do.
' There's an attack coming against her life as she stares at the rabbit holes.
What was a conspiracy will no longer be a conspiracy.
Think about what the Lord says.
Just because it doesn't happen in your timing—was she talking about Israel?
She's talking about how what is a conspiracy will no longer be such a conspiracy after all.
It is about her life and the things that the Lord is warning about.
All this stuff she's talking about will end up not being a conspiracy at all concerning her life.
He said, 'Pray for her.
' And that's when I told you about the vans and all this stuff.
I'm telling you all, we're in a very serious time.
We have all this stuff going on with Zelenskyy, and the Lord called him Pinocchio; he was a liar.
He was a puppet, and we see all of the things coming to pass like the Father has warned us time and time again on this channel.
It's not a pat on our back; it's, 'Thank you, Jesus, for the accuracy.
' Thank you, Father, that we're not flaky.
So, every one of you here tonight, do you have any questions?
I can answer a couple.
I'm going to pray.
I wasn't going to pray very long tonight; I'm tired from last night, as that pulls heavy.
68% think it's real; some of you think it's fake.
I don't know; to me, it's interesting.
That's all.
I play it for you because it stood out for what the Lord said, and I went, 'Hold on a minute.
' I don't go down the rabbit hole; well, the things the Lord shows me seem like a rabbit hole, don't they?
Sometimes it's like it's a conspiracy, but it's truth.
It's what's really happening with all this corruption in our governments all around the world.
Jesus Christ is coming, ladies and gentlemen.
Bottom line, Jesus is coming.
Last night, the word of the Lord told us was sobering.
It's like when you shake somebody and say, 'Listen, you've got to get right with Him.
You're running out of time.
Jesus loves you, and He has a plan for your life.
' That's why I was praying over the trees, the lighting ceremonies, this Christmas celebration, shopping, and the malls.
Then the Lord said, 'Don't forget about the major events in the skies.
' Don't forget about—do I feel like 3i-Atlas?
People keep asking me, 'Brandon, is it 3i-Atlas anything?
' I told you I don't believe 3i-Atlas would be anything.
It will be a nothing burger.
As I keep praying into this, 3i-Atlas will be a nothing.
But it's not what you see; it's what you don't see.
There's something else coming.
People may not like that, but I tell you what I hear.
They focus too much on stuff; it's a distraction.
So we pray over that.
There's no resistance with Macron concerning the brotherhood of Islam; they were actually working with Macron.
They're actually working with Gavin and some of these Democrats because they want them.
Do you all remember the shipyards?
I told you about the shipyards and the smuggling of things.
The Lord showed me union workers being paid to smuggle in weapons for the Red Dawn experience—the Pearl Harbor experience in our nation.
It was coming through a port that had guns inside of it, shipping in containers.
When the containers got here, they put them on semis or railroads to get them across and smuggle these weapons to people that have infiltrated—explosives and things like that.
Remember I told you I saw a shark swimming in the water and the Lord said, 'Do you see the shark?
It's established.
' That shark is drug traffickers and sex traffickers that have been doing this for decades.
He said the shark is automatically here, but the al-Qaeda and the Red Dawn experience is a sucker fish feeding off the shark.
They were eating off of it to make sure they got their agenda across because of certain politicians turning a blind eye to it under the Biden administration.
Look at what happened when we pulled out of Afghanistan.
How many of these people are crazy now?
The guy in Fort Worth that got busted yesterday talking trash on the internet and wanting to hurt people—a lot of people said, 'Brandon, that was Crowley, Texas.
' I'm very familiar with Crowley; Jerry Savelle had a Bible school there.
But I don't know, y'all; there's just a lot, and I try never to bring confusion.
The other part was praying over Joel Osteen's church.
The Lord said, 'Check your volunteers.
Who has infiltrated your volunteers?
You need to do a background check on some of these ushers.
' I saw men that have infiltrated Joel Osteen's church that are very evil men, and I saw them ushering.
I thought that was interesting, and that's what we were praying over yesterday.
I saw that—pray over Joel Osteen's church—for there were volunteers, a group of volunteers that were not good people, that were bad.
You say, 'Why?
How do you judge them?
' No, I'm talking about these: these are terrorists.
That was part of it.
Then I saw shredding documents.
I saw shredding, and the Lord said it's similar to what Hillary did with the dossiers, with the bleaching.
They were destroying evidence of how they have infiltrated our government; they were shredding the evidence and destroying the computers to avoid being caught with this underground chatter.
People ask, 'What's the underground chatter?
' It is SIM cards.
I see them communicating on that system just like we saw in New York, which was taken down on September 23rd or maybe the 19th.
The Lord said there's one in Chicago, there's one in Boston, and there's one in Seattle, and they're communicating; they've set up networks across the nation.
You all think it's about just hitting one city; the Lord said they're going to hit all of these cities, and it will not all be on the same day, but it will be strategic to bring fear all the time, to bring an unstable America.
'To the eagle' is what they kept saying.
'We must destroy the eagle.
We must come from within.
We can't attack them from outside.
We will come in.
' This has been a long-plotted plan; it wasn't something they thought of overnight.
The Lord said this is well-funded, big money.
I saw hundreds of millions of dollars that have established this.
These people have been here for years, and the Lord said that it's something within.
He keeps talking about it: 'The enemy within, the enemy within.
Get ready.
' And I heard them kicking it off.
They said, 'It's time.
' I don't know how they were doing this, but they were saying, 'It's time.
Let's do this.
We've waited long enough.
It's time to implement the plan.
' I could hear them in the spirit realm, and the Lord allowed me to hear the chatter: 'It's time.
We need to implement the plan.
We're running out of time.
' I saw the pipeline that was starting to get cut off by the NSA.
It was a flow like a huge water hose, and as it kept going, it went from a fire hose to a water hose, and it struck down and had a clamp around it.
The Lord said, 'That's your NSA.
Tell them to pray.
Keep praying to cut the head off of this snake.
' For if you cut the head off the snake, it will cut the supply down and there will be confusion in the camp.
You want confusion in the camp?
Cut off the means of how they communicate.
So what does this mean?
There is a flow still going from these cities.
New York got cut down; our FBI and our people cut down the communication in New York.
It was a major supply line of communication that got crimped in one area.
It was further east because it went like this, going from west to east.
In the spirit, when I was praying into it, the Lord said it's still a major flow through here, but it got a kink in the chain and the hose got smaller.
Do you see it?
The Lord is showing it—you're looking into the vision, and what He's showing is a metaphor.
It's not a hose, but He's trying to show you through pictures.
It's a supply chain; it's a hose and it's full, but it got kinked off here.
Where did it get kinked off?
New York.
They found the computers; they found the stuff, the SIM cards—over 100,000 SIM cards.
But the Lord said there's much communication here still, from Boston, Chicago, Seattle, and it goes across the nation.
All these other places, they're communicating, and it was an underground communication.
The Lord keeps talking about an underground chatter.
Diana said she thought it might be Reddit or whatever, and I thought, 'I don't think so.
' I think it's some kind of burner phones—some kind of number they know.
There's something more to this, folks, than just some kind of backroom chat on Reddit.
It's burner phones; this is very sophisticated.
And it went clear to Honolulu, Hawaii.
We saw that again.
The Lord said, 'Pray over Honolulu, Hawaii.
' Remember?
So, okay, 30 minutes.
How's that?
They've infiltrated at all levels.
Yes, they have infiltrated at all levels.
Thank you, son.
They have infiltrated at all levels.
Are you looking at the transcript?
Yeah.
I love you.
You're such a good boy.
That's right.
They've infiltrated at all levels.
The Lord said, 'At every level they have infiltrated, even into your Pentagon.
' The man that was communicating that I saw was a white man and he was heavy.
He was not Iranian-looking.
So, all glory to Jesus.
I'm still praying about going to the White House if I'm still invited.
He said 'heresy' a lot.
The Lord said 'heresy,' and He said 'Mecca.
' Yes, Mecca.
He talked about Mecca and he talked about—I don't know—'Bala'...
play that word, show that word.
That was another word that came out in tongues.
He called Mecca and this 'B' word, because we were praying over Ramadan.
Ramadan, yeah, and that's in March.
The word...
it all has to do with the Muslims.
Yes, what we were praying for last night.
It's an uprising.
Do you remember the man I saw in the New York subway?
He had that white hat on, and I said he has a white outfit on.
He was so sober in his face because he was about to blow himself up.
I don't know what kind of security they have.
I've never been to New York.
I've never even been on a subway.
What kind of security do they have when I keep seeing these 3D printed things that are able to go through security checkpoints?
I told you I saw how it was made, and it wasn't through any metal.
There was no metal involved.
You see these things, and I said if they perfect it, they'll use it a lot.
They were trying to perfect it, and the Lord said they've spent millions of dollars trying to perfect this.
So, is that good?
I gave the highlights; it's 39 minutes.
I don't want to be redundant, but there's so many of you that go, 'Brandon, can you give me the cliff notes at the beginning?
' I get the emails.
This is me doing that for you.
I try to respect your time.
I know there's a lot of you.
It's like, 'Hey, I don't hurry the Holy Ghost up.
' When He's done, He's done.
If the video goes four hours, it goes four hours.
So, I give you the cliff notes at the beginning.
But I will not do that to a prophetic word as powerful as the one from last night.
You can go back and listen to it.
I'm not going to chop it up; it's dishonoring.
People say, 'Brandon, there's something different about you.
' Yes.
When the angel visited, there was something that happened.
For those who say, 'I don't talk to angels'—I don't communicate to angels like they're my BFFs.
They're always looking to the Father.
For those of you who are ignorant: they don't sit and chatter with you.
They're looking at the Father.
They don't even pay attention to you.
They'll communicate what they were sent to say, like him and the things he told me were coming.
But after he's done with his message, he looks to the Father.
If they're attracted to you, it's a demon.
The angels are not there to be your friend.
They're not there for you to talk to and say, 'Hey, let's hang out.
' The Holy Spirit is, but an angel is not your buddy.
He is always on assignment, looking to the Father.
You always need to understand this, you foolish minds.
Do not communicate to an angel like, 'Hey, how are you doing?
Let's talk today.
' You will start getting snared by familiar spirits.
Stay away from this.
It is demonic.
Do not do it.
They are there as ministering spirits sent forth to the heirs of salvation.
They're sent to tell you what God has instructed them to say.
They don't have an agenda of their own.
'You know what?
I just thought I'd tell you you look nice today.
' Are you kidding me?
'Well, you know, I think you should buy this kind of car.
' They don't have an opinion.
If they do, it's a devil.
You need to know this.
And people say, 'Brandon, you communicate to angels all the time.
You talk to them.
' You're a fool.
I do not communicate to angels all the time.
I talk to them when they tell me, 'I have a message from the Father to give you.
' But the moment they give it, their eyes are focused back on him.
They're looking at him.
They're studying him.
What is he doing?
They have their undivided attention.
Even when they're watching over me, their attention is always on him.
They're getting strength from him.
It's all about the glory.
Do you understand?
And he will not share with even an angel.
Ask Lucifer.
He will not share his glory with anyone—not a principality, not a power.
There is no angel, no Michael, no Gabriel, none of them take any glory from the Father.
And you say, 'Brandon, you yell.
' Yes, because I'm trying to get my point across to you.
There's so many people that are ignorant to the spirit realm.
The devil always magnifies himself.
The devil's always about giving glory to himself.
But any kind of angel that is of the Lord always gives glory to the Father, and they're always looking to him.
They know who the Creator is, and they are fearfully, wonderfully made to look and worship him.
Do you understand?
People need to understand: do not talk to angels.
If they have a message, that's different.
Did I make that clear?
I was very upset about this.
You need to know this.
'Oh, wow, I want to talk to my angel.
' Oh, do not do this!
I look to the Father.
He is the author and the finisher of my faith.
He is everything to me.
An angel is really cool to look at for a minute, but he is beautiful beyond description.
He is too marvelous for words, too wonderful for comprehension, like nothing ever seen or heard.
Who can grasp his infinite wisdom?
Who can fathom the depth of his love?
He is beautiful beyond description, majesty enthroned above.
That's why I believe that song came out: 'I stand, I stand in awe of you.
' Even the angels are in awe of him—the ones that are on his side.
The devil has come to kill, steal, and destroy and to confuse you, to bring haze over your relationship, to bring fog.
Whatever they could do—marine spirits, and people get all into that.
I'm going to tell you this: I do not get into talking to them even when you're casting them out of somebody.
I don't ask, 'How many are in there?
What's your origin?
How long have you been in here?
What's your name?
' Who cares?
Get out!
I'm not here to be your friend.
I don't care about you; you're a liar.
They don't tell the truth anyway.
So, 'How are you?
Well, devil, what's your name and what's your origin?
And how many of you are in there?
' Whoever you are and however many of you there are, get out in the name of Jesus!
I do not listen to you because there's nothing they say that is the truth.
They're liars.
He is the father of lies.
Why would you ask a liar how many there are?
'There's 20.
' I mean, do you think they're going to tell you the truth?
'Well, I command you to tell me how many in there.
' 'There's 15 of me.
' Seriously, why are you communicating with them?
You all play around with fire.
There's a lot of dumb Christians.
Jesus did it in one instance.
He didn't go around talking to the devil.
'How many of them?
' Well, he said, 'They are legion, for we are many.
' He did it one time.
But I don't go around making it a habit talking to devils.
One time with the madman of Gadara, he went around talking to him and said, 'Get out.
Go to the pigs.
' I'm telling y'all, don't be talking to devils.
Don't be talking to stuff.
Talk to the Holy Ghost.
You need to take more time praying in the spirit instead of talking to devils.
Well, I hear people say, 'Well, I have deliverance services and I do this all the time.
' Okay, if you feel like that's your calling and you want to help people out, great.
But don't be talking to demons and hanging out.
I don't get my kicks and giggles off of that stuff.
I want to see people delivered, saved, and healed and baptized in the Holy Ghost.
That's what my mission is.
So maybe that's your thing, but that's not us.
I just get tired of it.
I was bound by eight of them.
And whenever you have the torment that I walked through for so many years—and was tormented and almost went to the nut house—my mom and dad almost put me in an insane asylum because of how bad I was.
But finally, God set me free.
I tried to physically hurt my mom all the time.
It was bad.
People don't understand what it's truly like to be bound.
A lot of you don't know.
When you are, they want to put you so sedated with medical attention and all the things that I had to go through.
And Jesus set me free.
I know what it's like to truly be bound for a long time.
I don't talk about it; I don't give them glory.
But I'm going to tell you, I've seen the darkest side where you're ready to kill yourself and you don't feel like there's any hope and you're at the bottom of the barrel and the barrel's on top of you, thinking, 'God, is there a God out there that cares?
' when you're so depressed and having so much demonic influence going on.
You've got stuff moving around in your room, radios turning on, and demonic TV shows coming on in the middle of the night.
I've been there.
And for whom the Son has set free is free indeed.
But I don't play around with the devil.
He comes to kill, steal, and destroy.
And a lot of you, like I said, you get kicks and giggles off of it.
I don't.
It makes me furious.
It was way too real to me.
But Jesus set me free.
Jesus paid the price for me to be free.
And I'm so thankful for this communion.
I take it more now than I ever have after Jesus set me free.
I don't keep my vessel empty.
They always try to come back with their buddies—eight more of them.
They come to see if it's empty.
I keep myself full.
I'll never be tormented another day in my life.
Out of experience, a lot of you have no idea that if you open the door for the devil, he'll take a mile.
He'll destroy you and he'll take you to the bottom of the pit with him.
And I'm telling you, you say, 'Well, I worship the devil.
' You're an idiot.
There will be a day when the devils you think you control will drag your soul to hell.
Ask Anton LaVey.
He said, 'Oh no, what have I done?
Oh no, what have I done?
' the moment he was taking his last breath.
Isn't that amazing?
The very devils you thought you controlled and you sacrificed to for your power—'Oh no, what have I done?
' They were dragging him to hell.
And there's nothing you can do about it.
You can't cry out to Jesus then.
What are you doing when you're taking your last breath and they've grabbed a hold of you and they're dragging you to that pit of fire to torment forever and ever and ever?
And there's many of you that say you practice the occult and you watch me.
You know, we find you fascinating.
You say we practice Satanism and we watch you.
Well, we practice soothsaying and we want to know how you see because we want to see what you see.
We're into New Age and astrology.
I have all kinds of people tell me that.
They say, "You know, we watch you, Brandon.
" I have a lot of the occult; they tell us, they email us.
But you don't understand there's a day of reckoning coming for you.
There will be a day when the very demons you think you can control will drag your soul to hell.
It will happen if you don't repent and turn to the Lord.
Well, I sold my soul to the devil.
It's a lie.
Your soul doesn't belong to the devil.
Your soul belongs to Jesus Christ.
And the moment you confess Jesus Christ as your Lord and Savior, the moment He forgives you of all your sins, there's no one in a darker place that they can't get out of.
I don't care what you've done.
Well, I've sacrificed cats.
I had this one girl.
She had pentagrams and she had carved them all in her hands.
And as we were casting the devils out of her, those pentagrams flared up and were huge.
And because she had blood flowing, her eyes went like a cat's.
She had sacrificed things on an altar—black cats and killed cats and doing everything for satanic power.
She was at the church and nobody at the church could get her free.
And so they had to come and get the janitor.
They said, "We don't know what to do with this, but we know you deal with stuff like this.
So could you help us?
" I said, "I'm the janitor.
You're a pastor.
You told me not to pray for anybody.
" I was not trying to be sarcastic.
It was just the truth.
But as we went back there, I'll never forget as she was begging for help and those demons were clawing her throat and they were coming out of her.
And yet you play with something that you think is your friend and they give you power for a season as you watch these videos.
And I try to tell you, Jesus is the only way.
He wants to save your soul.
And the Lord told us, He said, "I want to save all of the occultists.
I want to bring them out of that.
" Brandon, I don't want anybody to go to hell.
Unless a man is born again, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God.
But He said, "Brandon, I want them all to get born again.
I love them all.
" They're deceived by the devil.
Satan has blinded the eyes of the unbeliever, Brandon.
But I wish that none should perish, but all come to repentance.
And I think that's very interesting.
You're in flat rebellion towards Him, but He says, "I love you.
I love them.
I love those that are so far off, Brandon.
They sacrificed to the devil and they worship him, but I love them.
" There's no greater love than this: than a man who lays down his life for his brother.
Jesus laid His life down for every one of us and He paid the price for every one of us to be born again.
People are asking me, Braden, "Can I do self-deliverance on myself?
" Yeah, you can do self-deliverance on yourself, but it's not ideal.
It's better when you have a group fast and pray and seek Him.
But if you live a fasted lifestyle, you don't have to say, "Time out.
We've got to go fast because we've got to get the devil out of somebody," to deal with this unbelief.
Because they'll flip out and growl and act all kinds of crazy stuff.
What are you going to do then?
Because your flesh gets in, and the moment you lay hands on them in fear, they get strength from you.
Many of you don't know that because you have more fear in the ability of that devil freaking out right then.
And the moment you lay hands on them, they draw that fear out of you because fear is faith contaminated.
They draw power from fear.
They are fear.
But most Christians just play around with stuff.
But I just want to tell you all, Jesus loves you.
And I bring this to you tonight.
Is everything okay?
Yeah.
They're asking, "Did she get free?
" They're saying, "Yeah, she got free.
" Who?
The girl.
Oh, yeah.
She got free.
Of course she did.
Yes.
Sorry, I went squirrel.
"Did she get free, Brandon?
" Yes.
Yes.
I'm sorry.
She came to church.
She came and got plugged in at church.
She got free.
Yes.
"You've got to finish the story!
What is wrong with you?
We're on the edge of our seat here.
Did she get free?
" Yes.
And her daddy, too.
Her daddy, too.
They came.
They drove a black Dodge truck.
I'll never forget it.
They came to the back.
She had short black hair and she started coming.
She came to church and then they left.
I don't know where they went, but they left after a while.
But her and her dad both got born again.
And he had a big old beard; he was a gnarly man.
Oh, we just love on people.
Don't you know Jesus loves you?
He loves you so much.
The power of the Holy Ghost dwells on the inside of you.
And even when that angel came and told me, he said, "There's a new mantle coming on you today.
Things are changing for you quickly.
" There was a lot more.
He said, and then he looked to the Father.
But I think it's interesting, y'all.
I do.
I love the spirit realm, but Satan is a loser.
That's what I tried to tell y'all.
He lost.
The Bible says that Jesus triumphed over him and He made a display of him openly.
He triumphed over him.
He paraded him around to everyone and they made a display of him openly, showing that He was the victor and he was the loser.
Jesus is a winner.
He defeated him fair and square.
Do you understand?
There was no cheating.
God didn't cheat.
God whipped him once and for all.
He paid the price for you and me to walk in victory.
Why do we allow the devil to torment us?
Why do we give him any place?
The Bible says, "Give no place to the devil.
" But many of you are buddies with him.
Give no place to the devil.
Don't be his buddy.
Kick him out of your house.
I try not to be too funny about it, but it's that serious.
Don't accept a poo-poo package.
Don't be friends with the devil.
Give no place to the devil.
Like I said, most of you don't understand what you're doing and you just ignorantly do it.
But then some of you are doing it with your eyes wide open.
That's why I take communion all the time.
I give no place to the devil.
I make sure any door I may open, I keep them shut.
I have been bound, but I am free.
And I will never go back there.
Never.
For whom the Son has set free is free indeed.
He that is begotten of God keepeth himself, and the wicked one toucheth him not.
The wicked one toucheth you not.
A curse without a cause cannot stand.
Father, I thank You, Lord, for the blood.
I thank You for Your body.
I thank You, Father, for this time we just talk about things.
You know, when I told you the devil visited me, he couldn't do anything.
You know why?
Because the blood of Jesus was against him.
This communion.
Do you understand the power of the name of Jesus?
At the name of Jesus, every knee will bow and every tongue will confess that He is Lord.
And I try to tell you all, he offered me everything that your flesh would ever want—money, fame, cars.
I said, "There's nothing you have that I want.
Nothing.
I've been there.
" "Serve me and I'll give you all this.
Do this and I'll give you all this.
" There's nothing that I want from you.
Do you understand?
And as you submit yourself therefore unto God, resist the devil and he will flee.
I've had some wild encounters in my lifetime.
I don't talk about the darkness, but I'm going to tell you all, the devil is defeated.
But he becomes so big in your mind because that which you focus on the most becomes the biggest thing to you.
The devil did this; the devil does that.
I don't focus on it.
The devil doesn't do anything.
I'm not going to allow him to do anything.
You have power over him.
That's why I say you give him so much power in your mind by meditating on it.
I did it for years.
Is there a spirit of forebodings?
Yes.
It tries to mess with intercessors a lot.
But when you see the other side and you see those glorious angels and their swords are like a flame of fire, there's more with us than there are with them.
There's more of our angelic host with us than there are with the demonic and the witches and all their warlocks.
We have more with us than there are with them.
Theirs look like pigs and ours look like warring massive beings.
I'll stick with the ripped angels versus the one that looks like a pig.
The pig looks like we can have a barbecue with it.
I mean, just saying.
We'll put that sucker on a stick and we'll do rotisserie.
Because I like bacon, you know?
I'm just saying those suckers are nasty, they're scaly, and they stink.
They smell like sulfur, but ours are beautiful.
And there's more with us than there were with him.
Why would you ever serve the devil?
Well, there's more with us than there are with them.
I just don't get it.
People are kind of dumb.
And maybe he showed up and he offered them all that they wanted and they just didn't know how to control their flesh.
And it's only for a season.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for the body.
Do I help you all?
I mean, do they like these conversations?
Maybe they do, maybe they don't.
They say, "Shut up, Brandon.
" I just talk.
But like I said, if you saw some of the things I've seen, you go, "What do people serve the devil for?
" It really is just dumb.
They're really confused in the camp.
And a lot of times they look like shadows and they're all doing stuff, and you look at them and go, "What's the point of that?
" Bringing confusion on people, strife in marriages, trying to keep people, kill, steal, and destroy, and yet you serve him?
I just don't get it.
Father, I thank you, Lord, again.
I take this body and I thank you, Father, for the authority of the believer.
We're seated with you in the heavenlies.
And if there's anything you want to share tonight, probably not, Lord.
I don't feel a real vein on it, but if there is, I'll pray.
I'll do whatever we can.
We prayed earlier at the church for two hours, but I just wanted to do a recap with them tonight.
Here it is almost 11 o'clock.
And Lord, I say a prayer and we'll pray for the people, but I always want to give them opportunity to accept your Son.
And I know the best is yet to come for many of them.
And we take this body in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Father, for all that you've done for us.
Thank you for being a friend.
Thank you, Lord.
Father, we're born again.
And to be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord.
And we take this body in the name of Jesus.
And we're healed and whole and well.
And we give you all the glory, honor, and praise for it.
Thank you, Lord, for the blood.
And we apply the blood.
He said, "Satan, you're under our feet.
Leave us alone.
We plead the blood of Jesus over this home.
We make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us.
We cover our sin in the blood.
And any open doors, we cover it in the name of Jesus.
And no weapon formed against us will prosper.
Every tongue that rises against us, we condemn it.
No weapon formed against us.
I apply the blood just like the children of Israel did upon their doorpost and the death angel passed by.
We apply the blood of the Lamb over us.
And where the blood is applied, Satan will not cross.
And we plead the blood of Jesus over us.
We make much of the blood.
We make much of your blood, Lord.
Thank you, Lord, for the blood.
For it never loses its power.
The blood of Jesus never loses its power.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for the blood of Jesus Christ that covers Diana, Braden, Megan, Paisley, all of us.
We cover even our finances.
We thank you for the abundant overflow over every seed we've sowed.
We call forth a hundredfold in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, for the supernatural increase on our finances.
And we say that we will enter into 2026 overflow debt-free in the name of Jesus.
Supernatural increases on our household and everything we put our hands to will prosper in the name of Jesus.
And we believe that, Father, that you've called us and you've chosen.
And we'll stand on the wall telling the people that Jesus Christ loves them and he paid the price for it all.
Thank you, Lord, for the blood.
We give you praise for the blood.
Thank you, Lord, for all that you've done for us in the name of Jesus.
And we say, Satan, you'll not cause any confusion over our minds, over our will, or our emotions.
Beloved, I wish above all things that you prosper and be in health even as your soul prospers.
And we're prosperous in our mind, our will, and our emotions in the name of Jesus.
We plead the blood uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
Father, I thank you that you speak through my vocal cords and think through my mind.
None of me and all of you in Jesus' name.
We plead the blood.
We thank you, Lord.
See, I don't give them...
because you can feel that.
I can feel it when you start talking about it.
You can feel it.
They like the pride of it.
I hate it.
Do you understand?
Do you all get that?
There's a lot of you that talk about the devil all the time.
Do you know everything you talk about, you give him power in your life?
You start magnifying him.
Do not give a place to the devil.
Don't talk about him.
He doesn't deserve your lips.
The rocks will cry out to our Father if we don't praise him.
He deserves all lip service when you talk.
Give God that time.
I don't give him any place.
If I talk about it, it's very short.
But I do that for you because so many of you are so fascinated with the demonic.
'Brandon, do you see the demons?
' Yes, all the time.
But I don't talk about them.
The Lord said, 'Reframe that.
Change that.
Bring it back.
' We say every once in a while, not all the time.
I don't want to see the devil all the time.
Every once in a while, they'll refrain that—too much exaggeration on that word, boy.
That's Lord.
See, your words are powerful.
That's why he said take it back.
Pull that out of the atmosphere.
That's what he just said.
You don't see him all the time.
That's exaggeration and you don't want that.
Pull it out of the atmosphere.
It's only when he allows me to for help.
Do you understand?
It's there for you to help the individual that you're seeing it on.
It's not there for kicks and giggles.
I don't just go around seeing devils on people.
No, it's there for acts, gifts of service.
You're not there for kicks and giggles.
'Well, I need walking around seeing devils.
' No, that's why the Lord just said when I said that, he said, 'Immediately correct that.
' My words are powerful.
Even more when I walk in the prophetic.
I have a man on me.
Do not just say things flippantly.
He corrects me.
I denounce that and I call a word curse to it.
It falls to the ground.
It's done.
See, it's over.
Don't worry about it.
There's no fluid in it.
You plead the blood over it and walk on.
That's how you call a word curse over that.
It's on the ground.
Don't believe it.
Don't go and say it.
I've had the blessing flowing out of me.
The blessing.
The Bible says that life and death is in the power of your tongue.
What do you say over your life?
What do you believe with your mouth?
Whatever you say out of your mouth is what you believe, what you receive.
I believe the Bible says Abraham staggered not at the promise of God through unbelief but was strong in faith, giving glory to God, being fully persuaded that what he has promised he was able also to perform.
I believe that I am fully persuaded that the blessing is on my life and what God has blessed no man can curse.
Tuesday.
What about Tuesday?
Telling us, don't go.
The Lord unto thee says, peace.
Cease and desist daily.
It's Wednesday that is highlighted.
It's that tree, Braden.
It's a Rockefeller.
We're going to pray over the tree.
He says it's just barely there.
There's 25%.
You've done so well.
You're deflating the plans of the enemy.
They'll have great security there.
Go, don't go, praying over the month of December.
It's highlighted.
I see all the days highlighted.
Trump will make major decisions in December concerning the finances, taking it into 2026, but it will be retroactive.
I'm going to say he wants to start out 2026 with a bang like—great, up, ride the wave.
Ready, set, go.
This is a fun one.
I like these when I start seeing AC.
I can see the finances.
It's not about terrorists tonight.
I like these.
Hey, baby.
It's time for things that have been held back and delayed for manifestations in a day.
This is—I've even seen it—and I see dinar.
It's time for manifestation.
You know what, I wonder what Bo and them were talking about.
I need to go watch that on Kim's channel.
Seagulls.
What about the seagulls?
Things are about to get really hot.
I see an oven, a furnace.
The furnace is about to get really hot.
I see a car—the car market—interest rates for the housing and for the cars.
Watch this for December going clear into the month of May.
What I did say?
It's like a rocket ship.
Watch what Trump does.
But there's nothing they can do to stop it.
So just enjoy it as they pop it.
I hear it.
There's nothing they can do to stop it, so enjoy the wave as they pop it.
The bubble is in trouble.
Too much top-heavy.
Too much money, too much debt, all in the face for too short a time.
You understand?
He has three years left.
Too short a time for the society.
He's talking about riding the wave, and there'll be much migration.
There'll be much more people moving and leaving New York, Chicago, Pennsylvania, and Philadelphia.
And much migration.
They'll even be starting to flee parts of Florida—too crowded, too cold.
They're going to come to Oklahoma and Texas.
These are spirit-filled people.
They're coming for revival and refreshing.
Positioning themselves.
Taxes.
Tomorrow, the shake and the man.
They're always looking for opportunity tomorrow, the better days to come.
I told you that it's just like a quarter.
You can focus on one side or you can focus on the other, but dark times are coming, but the light and the Holy Ghost is coming on a greater level—this level on the people, finances, blessing, and increase.
In the storm, they'll coexist.
What do you want to focus on?
It's your choice.
I focus on the blessing.
Great storms are to come.
I'm telling you, 2026, 2027, and 2028, they'll try to be great storms, great unsettling, but labor pains.
But the glorious church—you know, whenever they were in Egypt, the death angel passed by because they had the blood on the doorpost.
But just like it was in the Ten Commandments movie, you could hear them screaming outside; the travail is going on outside.
But as for me and my house, we're in peace because we have Him on it.
He's marked our doorsteps, our household, you and me.
We walk in victory.
No matter how much we see going on around us, the turmoil and the craziness, we're living in peace.
He is our Prince of Peace.
We will see days of heaven on earth, and we're going to see days that look like we're already in the tribulation.
You're going to think we're already in the tribulation, yet we're living in heaven on earth.
Is that wonderful?
You say, 'Well, Brandon, no, that's not wonderful.
' It is, too.
Who's on the Lord's side?
You're going to see all around you the acceleration of the signs of the times, but we're on the Lord's side.
It's your choice.
I abide in Him and He abides with me.
Apart from Him, I can do nothing.
He is in me, on me, around me, flowing through me.
I refuse to look at what's around me.
I'm not moved by what I see or feel.
I'm only moved by what the word says.
And he says, 'If God is for me, who can be against me?
' By His stripes, I'm healed.
They say a plague's coming.
A thousand shall fall at my side and 10,000 at my right hand, but it will not come nigh me.
I've never seen the righteous forsaken, nor his seed begging bread.
I believe.
I stand on the word of God.
I believe what the Bible says I can do and I can have.
I'm not going to be moved by what I see.
You're going to see great storms, but who speaks to the storms?
He does, and He lives on the inside of me.
I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, but I fear no evil, for You are with me.
He never said we would not walk through the valley; He said He would be with us when we walk through it.
His rod and staff comfort me.
He prepares a table before me in the presence of all my enemies.
He never said the enemies wouldn't be there or that they wouldn't be out watching you eat, but He said He prepares a table before me.
My Father loves me in the midst of the storm.
I'm not focused on the storm; I'm focused on the one that's in the boat with me.
The disciples are like, 'Are you going to let us perish?
' I'm focused on the one that's in the boat with me.
He causes peace to the storm.
He's the master of the sea.
Winds and waves obey His will when He says to them, 'Be still.
' What man is this?
They all did say that the winds and seas obey.
He's the one who sails with me.
He's the master of the sea.
Remember that.
He's the one who sails with you.
It's important that you know He sails with you.
You're not in this alone.
There's great storms coming, but He's given you the equipment to get the job done.
I've not left you defenseless.
Follow the Holy Spirit and that peace down deep within, the peace that passes understanding.
You'll not be swayed by the things you see.
It's a choice that you will have to make daily to stay in sync with me.
You must stay in sync with the Father.
That was actually beautiful.
It will be different in places of the world—Europe will be much more different than America, of course—but even in Canada, so close but so different, for the acceleration of the end times.
I've warned you concerning the mark and persecution coming to my church.
But the olive press will press fresh new oil.
Look up.
Even with America, I see it.
Even with Trump at the helm, a great shaking in your nation—civil unrest.
2026 will have to be an even more prayerful year.
I've raised up this channel and these voices to pray, for the hour is late.
Will you not pray for just an hour?
At the Mount of Olives, thank you, Yeshua.
Jesus, would you tarry for just an hour?
They're falling asleep; it's a type and shadow.
The time has come.
It's so serious, y'all.
The things I'm seeing are so serious.
I see this storm again.
I see the political theater.
We must stand and take our authority on a day-to-day basis.
Trump is the log in the road.
He is causing a delay, and when he is removed, it's the Antichrist system.
I'm telling you, ladies and gentlemen, we are at the last of the last second here.
God's given you a reprieve.
God gave you a moment of reprieve, and that's why He keeps saying, 'What will you do with the time that I've given you?
' We have three years and one month left.
What will you do with the time that I have given you?
It's the buffer for the whole world.
That's why He said, 'Pray for him.
' There's great pressure on this man.
Take it deeper.
Don't forget Soleimani.
Soleimani retaliation they will want to see for what you did to them.
From Soleimani, they're still planning and plotting, and this has to do with Don, and they want revenge for Soleimani.
The Lord said, 'Don't forget, it's for a reward—retaliation that they've not forgotten about for their generals.
' They are harboring it inside; it's cultivating like a fire.
I saw an oven at the beginning of this that was fully on fire.
We plead the blood over Don Jr.
, over Eric, over Kai, Ivanka, President Trump, Tiffany, and over his wife Melania.
No weapon formed against the family will prosper.
They will not have the Kennedy curse.
We pray a hedge around our president.
We thank you, Lord, that You're giving him wisdom like Solomon that he'll lead this nation with that great wave that I just saw.
Braden, don't forget that you said something about a popping.
They know it's going to pop; they're trying to stop a depression.
The euro is in trouble, and it has to do with Japanese currency, too.
There's legislation yet to come concerning crypto.
You're about to see a plumb line being laid.
What's a plumb line?
That's what the Lord said today: 'A plumb line is being laid.
' And in a day, you'll hear them say it's about the dollar and the debt.
A new digital dollar backed by the institution—different ways to borrow.
Concerning crypto-backed lending platforms with a new kind of interest rate.
International Central Bank digital currency.
CBDC.
Watch Eric.
His face is more prominent.
Central Bank.
Market crypto.
He's going to create this crypto.
You see Coinbase?
No, a new one.
But Gemini, a new one.
A new Coinbase.
Watch Eric.
Trump's plan is bigger than you understand.
Everybody goes to these platforms.
You've got to have a big Michael Saylor.
Watch Eric.
Binance.
It is their own platform.
Who did he pardon?
Watch Apple.
Much as a major source, watch Apple.
He's talking about Apple Pay.
A new institution.
New institutions and borrowing platforms, crypto-backed borrowing platforms.
Certain banks will be banked, but they're backed by cryptos.
A foundation, a plumb line.
You have funders like Elon and others helping build support structures.
It's backed by funders.
Michael Saylor, are you listening?
I see it.
Watch the chatter—the Winklevoss twins.
They're going to revamp everything they've ever done.
It's a whole new structure.
Watch Eric.
Watch what they're about to do.
They're embracing this new plumb line, the new digital age.
New legislation to bring it out of the Wild West.
Watch these banks when they bring legislation.
What we've seen so far is nothing compared to where the beast system comes from.
People are thinking this is a 'microwave' Jesus coming.
And as much as my heart wants Him to come in 2028, I feel like we have more time.
I don't know how anything could happen that quick.
Nothing.
The dot-com error took 10 years plus.
Everything I'm saying there, there's no way that's going to happen in three years.
I'm just telling you out of what I'm seeing; I'm just talking.
It's me coming in the spirit.
I'm looking, so don't go throwing eggs at me.
I'm telling you what I see.
There's just a lot here, and I just go, 'How in the world?
' I mean, you'd have to be doing something every day to lay this kind of banking structure with all that I'm seeing with these pillars of these banks and lending.
It was international wire transfers, but it's a lending platform, lending against certain cryptos for houses and cars.
For a start, it won't be for credit cards; I saw cars and I saw a Range Rover, white with black.
Now, why Range Rovers?
They're based out of England, right?
So why I saw a Range Rover, which is symbolic, I'm sure.
I saw a Range Rover; I saw the Bitcoin with the lines and it was king.
I saw the Bitcoin with a king on it.
Banks' institutionalized adoption is the word I heard.
And I saw Bank of America, Citibank, and Wells Fargo.
Three banks' institutionalized borrowing platforms there; they adopted certain things and used it as a lending platform.
Then I saw a new structure giving Coinbase a run for its money because the fees are too big, creating a new platform.
Gemini, Binance, Coinbase, and another one—they're all crypto platforms.
They're all how you purchase it.
Too many fees when you try to do it.
It's trying to become like a Walmart; you want to give Target a run for its money.
You want to give maybe Costco or Sam's.
You've got to have alternatives, more platforms.
He said, 'Watch who got pardoned.
' I'm bringing all this back up.
You all can do with it what you want to pray.
Watch who got pardoned.
Is he a crypto dude?
That's not him.
It's somebody to do with money concerning crypto because he's talking about crypto.
Somebody's going to get pardoned.
So it's either coming or it's happened.
Somebody's going to get pardoned, and it has something to do with crypto.
He said, 'Watch them.
' You wouldn't think it would be the guy that was ripping everybody off in the Bahamas.
No way.
He was a jerk; he stole all those people's money.
No, that's not who the Lord's talking about—FTX.
That's not who he's talking about.
Something more.
There's somebody that something's happening more.
But watch, Eric.
Don't try to solve this on here live; you present it.
That's him; that's what I saw in the vision.
Yeah, they're all saying in the chat, 'That's him right there.
That's the man.
Watch that man.
' The Lord said, 'Did Trump pardon him?
' Trump pardons convicted Binance founder CZ Zhao.
Oh my god, that's so funny.
Watch that man.
And Eric, that's interesting.
I just think, be quiet.
I probably said way too much.
Why would he pardon that man?
What's he doing right now?
Follow.
I'm going to study that guy now.
CZ happened three weeks ago.
What happened three weeks ago?
He got pardoned.
Interesting.
What's he doing right now, though?
Our Father's really awesome, and He'll show you things to come.
There's something so much bigger that He wants to show us all because He doesn't like us going from paycheck to paycheck.
If we will listen and be smart to His cues, what is so volatile will start having backbone.
It's all part of the beast system for digital platforms—a central bank digital currency, CBDC.
I was hearing that.
Watch the dollar.
Remember when he signs it with a quill pen?
Something's about to be signed with a quill pen and a new industrial revolution.
Something's about to be signed with a quill pen.
I don't know when, just be watching this.
Pray about this with me.
Help me.
All I do is bring these things to you and I'm pulling it out of the spirit.
And this is what I do: I cultivate it.
I pull and I listen to what He's saying, and I use that prophetic ear.
The Lord will show me things, but it takes hours and I sit here in front of y'all and you're helping me.
It's interesting.
It wasn't about Tier 6 tonight; it's about something else.
I was wanting to talk about 2026, praying over this storm, praying over these things.
But He wants to show you another side of prayer.
Pray over this.
God bless you all.
Thank you for joining me tonight.
I'm tired.
It's going on 12 o'clock again.
Isn't that amazing?
We were praying late, but I pull and I pull.
Why would he pardon him?
What is it about him?
What is the Lord trying to say about that man?
I want you to really study that.
Don't we follow that guy?
What is the Lord saying about this man and a plumb line?
Yeah, this is it: a vertical measuring tool to establish a perfect vertical line to ensure that the wall or upper structures are straight up and down, perpendicular to the ground.
So going vertical, setting up a plumb line.
It's interesting to bring in new legislation to set up a plumb line, and then they show these people and say new platforms will come—banking.
Then He showed me towers and they were banks, big banks, and they were in New York.
He said one bank was not as big as the other bank.
The other banks, Chase Bank and Bank of America, were a lot bigger than this other bank, and it went in tiers.
He said when this plumb line is set, watch what these big banks do.
They'll have a lending platform; it will become no more Wild West.
You're talking about a new digital frontier, a new industrial revolution, and it will become worldwide.
And if you're watching, you'll ride the wave before they pop the balloon.
They're going to pop the balloon because they know they can't sustain it.
I saw the car market and housing market.
He said, 'Watch this, watch the finances.
' Ride the wave.
I saw May; May was highlighted concerning interest rates.
There's nothing they can do to stop it.
Just enjoy it while they pop it.
It was a massive debt balloon.
The bubble is in trouble.
The Lord said the bubble is in trouble.
Too much top-heavy.
They're not going to save it; they're going to pop it.
The interest rates are going to drop over time.
Watch this time frame; watch May.
May was highlighted.
And that's all because of this year...
2026.
It's the midterms.
They're going to pump this economy.
Migration, migration, migration.
I saw people leaving the East and Northeast, and they were moving down to Oklahoma.
Why?
I have no idea.
Then he said, "Even for the revival, yes, the mass migration.
" He said, "Even at the helm"—what was that?
When he said even at Trump's, even at the helm of Trump or whatever, persecution.
No, he said persecution, but he said a storm even as Trump is at the helm.
Yes, he was talking about terrorist activity.
I saw great shaking in the nation.
Even Trump was behind a boat in the vision.
When I saw that, he looked like a captain of a ship, and there was a storm and the waves were raging.
He said, "Even with Trump behind the helm, a major storm, and you'll be so thankful he's there because he looked like George Washington up there with that old hat—those little hats that look like a sailor hat.
" You know what I'm talking about, like the Pirates of the Caribbean.
Yes.
Trump was wearing that and he was behind it, and he had an American outfit on for war.
He was like George Washington behind a boat that looked like the Mayflower.
He was fixed on the horizon and he was sailing it, but there was a storm and this boat was moving.
I could see him behind it, but his face was fixed upon the task at hand.
He was not looking at the storm.
Even with him behind the helm, I saw him fixed on the horizon.
The storm and the lightning were going all around him, but he was fixed on it.
Trump was behind it.
He had that little white hat with a feather in it.
He had a feather in his hat and it looked like an old British-looking hat, but he was fixed on the horizon.
What is his task?
I see the vision, but I can only tell you what I'm hearing.
Everything I'm hearing, I'm having a vision of.
Braden is so funny because he knows.
It's cool; I like how you show how he describes it.
Braden knows I'm seeing as I'm hearing, but I don't always tell you what I'm seeing, but he knows how to pull.
He says, "Daddy, tell me what you saw," because Braden likes to keep record of it.
I just don't go into everything I'm seeing as I'm hearing it because it's time-consuming.
There you go.
That's what he was wearing right there.
Trump was wearing that and he was behind a boat that looked like the Mayflower, like some kind of old wooden boat.
I saw Japan, and Japan's economy's in trouble.
I could see their currency—the Yen.
Their economy is in trouble.
Their money is in trouble.
Then I saw the Euro, and the Euro was in big trouble.
I saw a major storm.
I'll tell you what I saw: the Euro was written across a raft falling over a waterfall.
Across all of Europe, I saw a massive waterfall that looked like Niagara Falls.
The Euro was floating on a raft and it was going over the water's edge.
The Lord said, "Euro in trouble.
" It was falling off the water's edge and the Euro was going down.
I saw money symbols going over the water's edge.
There were trees on the right and left, and it was a rocky edge, but they were all cedar trees.
Is that symbolic?
I don't know.
I just see this stuff and I don't know what I'm seeing, but I see cedar trees.
There were big, huge cedar trees and pine trees established on the water's edge.
The waterfall was huge, bubbling over and steaming, and he said, "Euro in trouble.
" That's why I said it.
I could see the Euro coming over the water's edge.
That's so funny.
Braden, we got the hat though.
You've got to fix that.
There's no skull and crossbones.
But that was it.
That was a tricorn.
That's what he was doing.
You are a funny son.
You take the vision and make it alive.
Dude, you're such a funny kid.
Do you show him?
Yeah.
Storms, too.
That's the American economy.
But the bubble—and this is what I thought was interesting—the bubble was a thick membrane.
It was a huge bubble full of acid.
It looked like a dark storm and it was stretched like a bubble with a thick membrane that had fluid on the inside.
As they went up to it, you could see that it was not totally full, but it was stretched out so far like a water balloon at its capacity.
They just walked up to it and stuck it with a red thumbtack.
Trump did; he just popped it and the whole thing washed.
They said there was nothing they could do; they were just going to pop it.
They brought out CBDCs.
As they popped the balloon, the word "CBDC" shot out in that acid.
As he popped it, the banks shot up and had borrowing platforms already being established.
They were led by a plumb line that popped it.
As that popped, it flowed down and that wave came out.
The Lord said, "Ride the wave.
" I saw that wave again with the crypto, the gold, and the housing market.
The gold was on the ground.
He said, "Line your pockets for that which is to come, for it won't last for very long.
Fill your pockets for the wealth transfer.
It won't be what you thought.
Ride the wave.
" Now I see Trump.
He pops it and it brings in CBDCs.
I have no idea what that means, but that's what the Lord said.
Then it all went out and I saw a new lending platform.
Oh my God, he's worth 78.
8 billion USD.
Really, son?
He's almost worth a hundred billion dollars.
Is that serious?
Maybe we have to study that guy.
I'm telling you, I saw him.
He was with the Trumps, a new platform.
It was big money, but it was providing an alternative to Coinbase and Gemini with cheaper fees.
Do you hear what I'm saying?
He said the Winklevoss twins.
They're the ones who created Facebook.
I may butcher their name, but I know what the Lord is saying to me.
I see two people right there.
Well, I hope y'all enjoyed it.
I know it's probably boring for some of you, so I'll leave you with that.
You can pray over it.
A new digital thing.
May is an important month.
There's a lot to this—interesting things ahead.
We have a lot to pray over still.
Isn't it fun praying?
You can come back and pray anytime.
We'll keep praying into this and see what Jehovah will show us.
He has plans for every single one of us.
He loves you.
He has a plan for your life to prosper you and give you health.
He wants you to be a successful person.
He loves you, beloved.
And I wish above all things.
I love it.
I forget I'm on the live stream, son.
I start talking and I go, "Wow, I don't know how many people are here.
" But they're all still here.
They're all still here.
Well, I wouldn't have left either because it's pretty interesting here.
I personally get into this part of it.
I don't like seeing the storms and all the people dying.
This is the part I love—when he shows me this stuff.
He's giving me a break tonight.
So I just go, "Okay.
" So he gives me a little bit more of something that I get.
I like to study.
I think it's fun because he knows I get into it.
He knows my heart.
So you take it for what you want.
Pray over it.
Take everything I bring to you to God in prayer even more after I bring it to you.
We've got to watch what Bo Polny said on that.
I'm curious now because he brought it up at the Den, and it's on his—that was on Kim's...
it was on Brandon, names Kim's daughter.
I have it on here.
Yes, I know her name.
I say it a thousand times.
I'm tired.
So you'll have to read it to me.
Donne—I had to think about it for a thousand times.
Donne talked to her on the phone.
Yeah.
So, all glory to Jesus.
Thank you for joining us tonight.
Could you do me a favor?
Please click the like button, y'all.
I hate doing that.
I feel like a little nag, you know.
Please subscribe.
Please like my video.
But it's the only way that helps us in the algorithm.
And when you do that, it really blesses us.
Like, subscribe, click the notification bell, comment something nice down below.
That helps boost me up.
Our X account is really taking off.
I'm really excited about it.
I said, "Look at that.
" Maybe it will become a huge platform because I want to have an alternative besides YouTube in case something happened to YouTube.
I have another one.
So if you're not on X, go on X and subscribe over there because I'm trying to post a lot more videos over there so that I have two major platforms in case something was to happen to this one so that you know where I'm at because I like X more than any of the others.
I cannot stand Facebook, and I do not like Instagram, and I do not like TikTok, but I put my stuff over there.
Do not follow any other channels that have my stuff on it because they're copies.
And you know what's really ticking me off?
If you're watching me and you're one of the ones that are doing this, do not make my voice say AI and me not say something.
That is wrong.
You're saying I'm saying stuff and talking about three days of darkness and all these other things.
I have not heard anything about three-day darkness.
It's used as a Catholic prophecy from what I understand.
And the Lord has not showed me anything about three days of darkness.
And there's people there using AI, making my mouth say things that I never said, prophesying.
And I'm telling you that is wrong.
I'm like, how do you even do that?
But do not follow these people.
There's a hundred different channels on TikTok that are not me.
I am the only one with over 300,000 followers and you find my link, my thing in there, follow that.
Or if you like TikTok, which I can't stand, but if you like it, go over there and all links are in the description.
Thank you.
All links are in the description for all my other channels: Facebook, Instagram, X.
I'm excited about X.
Braden says, "Dad, we're getting a lot of traction.
" We had over 100,000 people hit that video today.
Yes, so we're excited about it.
I said, "Woohoo!
" He's working hard.
Yep, 90,000 people hit that today, that one video.
Yeah.
So it's spreading now.
If they could just subscribe on that.
A lot of haters over there, but that's okay.
We get trashed over there.
People don't like us.
But that's okay.
Jesus is Lord and he loves us.
But it's reaching the world.
It's getting the world.
There's a lot of the world over there.
A lot of poison, but they need Jesus.
But we'll keep doing both.
And we'll see what happens.
But I'm just going to believe 2026.
I'm going for a million subscribers.
All to the glory of God on YouTube.
We're almost there.
We're getting close.
We have 400,000 left.
But we thank you for joining us tonight.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you and we'll see you soon.